Add Custom time fields to WebLog Module (#467)
netdata/go.d.plugin: modules/weblog/README.md

Notes:

-   Apache `%h` logs the IP address if [HostnameLookups](https://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.4/mod/core.html#hostnamelookups) is Off.

>     Weblog counts hostname as IPv4 address. We recommend either to disable HostnameLookups or use `%a` instead of `%h`.

Reviewer: It's in a few other places in this doc, so we don't have to change them all now, but I think we should avoid calling it **Weblog**. I always read it first as "we blog." I think we should stick with these usages:

- The web log collector...
- Netdata's web log collector...
- The `web_log` collector...

```suggestion
    The web log collector counts hostnames as IPv4 addresses. We recommend either to disable HostnameLookups or use `%a` instead of `%h`.
```

            match: '* *'
```

## Custom Time Fields Feature

Weblog is also able to extract user defined time fields and could count min/avg/max + histogram against these fields.

This feature needs:
-   custom log format with user defined time fields
-   histogram to show response time in seconds which is optional.

> There is an example in apache custom log forma with 1 custom time fields - `^FB` which shows delay in microseconds between when the request arrived and the first byte of the response headers are written. Like Custom Fields feature Weblog is unaware of these fields, but

Reviewer 2: forma -> format

Please split this into several lines.

@joelhans please take a look.

Reviewer 2: I meant that you shouldn't use very long lines. You should try to keep every line less than 120 characters.

            match: '* *'
```

> ## Custom Time Fields Feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Custom time fields feature
```

> Weblog is also able to extract user defined time fields and could count min/avg/max + histogram against these fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The web log collector is also able to extract user defined time fields and could count min/avg/max + histogram against these fields.
```

This feature needs:

> -   custom log format with user defined time fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   A custom log format with user-defined time fields.
```

> -   histogram to show response time in seconds, which is optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   A histogram to show response time in seconds, which is optional.
```

> As an example, apache has a custom log format that could be enabled by adding - `^FB` to the log format. This field shows a delay in microseconds between when the request arrived, and the first byte of the response headers are written.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As an example, apache [`mod_logio`](https://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.4/mod/mod_logio.html) adds `^FB` logging directive. This value shows a delay in microseconds between when the request arrived, and the first byte of the response headers are written.
```

> As an example, apache [`mod_logio`](https://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.4/mod/mod_logio.html) adds `^FB` logging directive. This value shows a delay in microseconds between when the request arrived, and the first byte of the response headers are written.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an example, Apache [`mod_logio`](https://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.4/mod/mod_logio.html) adds a `^FB` logging directive. This value shows a delay in microseconds between when the request arrived, and the first byte of the response headers are written.
```

> Like Custom Fields feature Weblog is unaware of these fields, but
> we can still get some info from them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As with the custom fields feature, Netdata's web log collector is unaware of these fields, but we can still get some info from them.
```
